Fix Splunk authentication issues (#20654)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/2_4_8.md

#### Integrations
##### SplunkPy
- Fixed an issue where **splunk-notable-event-edit** command failed.

> - Fixed an issue whre the integation failed to authenticate with token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the integration failed to authenticate with a token.
```
